In the raster plots, I visualised the spikes recorded from the first circuit `data[0, :]` or `circuit[0]` under the some randomly selected simulation patterns. The data arrays have dimensions of 10 * 25 * 4, which represents 10 repetitions, 25 time units, and 4 electrode at different corners of the circuit (top left (Tl), top right (Tr), bottom right (Br), and bottom left (Bl)). To plot the diagram more easily, I transposed the data arrays into 4 * 25 * 10 and utilised the following four colours: red (R), green (G), blue(B), and orange (O) to represents the four corners of the circuit, respectively. On the x-axis are the time units while the ten repetitions are placed on the y-axis.


**_Update (July 31, 2021) on `Task4-1.ipynb`_**
* In the latest update, a threshold of probability greater than or equal to 0.1 was implemented to the experimental data. That is, if a data point has value greater than or equal to 0.1, it was considered a spike, otherwise it was discarded. However, to prevent 0.1 being normalised to zero (normalisation due to the fact it was needed to show the transparency in the event plot), i.e., [0.1, ~] normalised to [0, 1], we decreased the lower limit to 0.09 so that the 0.1 points will not vanish while producing the raster plot. For those values greater than or equal to 0.1, we scaled the features to lie between the range of zero and one `[0, 1]`, using Python's Scikit-Learn library `sklearn.preprocessing.MinMaxScaler()` to achieve this. The motivation to use this scaling include robustness to very small standard deviations of features and preserving zero entries in sparse data.

**_Update (July 26, 2021)_**
* In the latest update, the coloured, half-transparent linestyles (dotted, dashes, dot-dashes) which represents different corner of the electrodes in the previous plots were abolished in order to avoid confusion. Instead, different lengths of solid lines were used in addition to the colour scheme mentioned above and they were placed on top of each other. The lengths of the coloured lines are arranged in descending order: red, green, cyan and yellow. 
